The world suddenly changed after I became the editor-in-chief.
My gosh, what is all this?
This isn't much, but I hope...
you have a hearty meal.
Thank you for breakfast.
What is this? It's braised short ribs.
Ms. Editor-in-chief, you can have the first bite.
Your braised short ribs are the best.
It's so good.
Congratulations on your promotion.
(Editor-in-chief, Jang Ha Ri)
Ms. Jang.
- That's so pretty. - What is that?
It's for Ms. Jang.
You know you're cuter than all babies, right?
Gosh, it's beautiful.
Get back to work.
Oh, okay.
Gosh, okay.
The position must bring out the worst in people.
What?
- Congratulations on your promotion. - Congratulations!
Thanks.
- Nice. - Gosh, that's good.
So how does it feel?
Sweet.
I knew it!
Guys, everything's on me today.
- Really? - Let's have some fun then.
So this must be how it feels to have the world at your fingertips.
The feeling only lasted a day.
What...
(Ladies)
(Wonsan Sauna)
Did you come to work early to see me?
You probably skipped breakfast. Do you want some?
Don't tell me you don't recognize me.
As if. You're Jang Ha Ri,
my girlfriend.
You didn't recognize me, did you?
It's not that. I just haven't seen you in so long...
that I couldn't believe my eyes.
Let me carry that.
Ms. Do Ah.
Let's put on some socks and get going.
Here you go.
Ha Ri didn't come home last night.
She's desperate to get pregnant,
but she spent another night working late.
Do you perhaps have any news to share?
Are you worried she might grow old without kids?
I'm worried she'd grow old alone.
I'm curious though.
Are some men okay with donating their sperm...
to complete strangers?
Are you all right with Ha Ri raising a child...
all on her own?
No mom wants her daughter to become a single mother.
We all want them to meet someone and form a nice family.
I couldn't help but agree to it because her clock's ticking.
Her problem can still be solved...
if she can meet someone decent.
I don't think she'll be able to find anyone.
Seriously?
Is this what I get for feeding you?
Are you suggesting that she grow old alone?
Auntie, what if I kept living with her?
You?
I just have to be by her side like I am now.
It's how we've always been.
Do Ah, let's get you fed...
and on your way.
Come on.
Here.
You should contain yourself.
Ha Ri.
- My gosh. - Goodness.
- Have a good day then. - You too.
Sure.
I can't contain myself though.
When are we supposed to see each other...
if you work in the evening and all night long?
The deadline is today, so we'll have all the time to go on dates.
Sounds good to me.
Is there something you want to say?
There's a lot...
I haven't said.
I love this time of the day.
A moment of peace and quiet in the morning.
Before people get to the office,
could we hug?
Sure thing.
(Episode 9: The Moments That We Say It's Love 2)
- Hyo Joo. - Yes?
Yes, Ms. Jang?
Should I rewrite it?
Only the marked parts.
Have you sent over your final drafts?
What? No, not yet.
Yeon Ho, are you going to be the last one...
- to send it in this month? - Sorry?
No...
If we don't meet today's deadline, we'll all be dead,
- so stay focused. - Okay.
Mr. Kim, are you done?
- Ms. Jang. - Hi.
Yes, Eu Ddeum's doing a final revision.
- Are you done? - Almost. I'll hurry, sir.
Please do.
What about the lack of advertisements this month?
Still, we signed on more for those on social media.
What if we lowered the cost by offering a spread too?
I already pitched that idea, but no one's biting.
Anyway, it looks good.
Thank you.
Ms. Jang.
Yes, Eu Ddeum. Are you heading home?
No, not yet.
I wasn't scolded as much this time.
I'm proud of you, Eu Ddeum.
Being scolded by seniors don't make you learn.
Over the years, you just do by watching others.
Then I'll learn from the manager.
You can learn from Mr. Kim...
as long as it's not about kissing butts...
or stealing gifts for our readers.
I mean I'll learn from you, Ms. Jang.
Me?
As if there's anything to learn from me.
Let's grab something to eat.
It's wrong to tease your elders. Give that back.
Say yes and I will.
- Eat with me. - Aren't you a cheeky one.
- Give that back. - Say yes.
- Eat with me. - Give it back.
- Unbelievable. - Let's grab a bite.
Let's eat.
- Come on. - To thank you for the workout,
I'll buy.
- Really? - You're unbelievable.
Actually, I'll be buying today.
Do as you please then.
- Unbelievable. - I'll call you.
The photo for the restaurant flyer, right?
Of course it's possible. I know what I'm doing.
Sure thing. Call me straight away then.
Of course. Thank you!
- Soo Chul. - What the...
Are you still working part-time gigs?
When did you get here?
I don't know when Ha Ri will get off work,
so I came here to wait.
You guys couldn't be cornier.
I cringe every time I see you now.
How many of these random gigs are you working?
Publicity booklets, wedding photos,
and even flyers, so everything.
Has money been tight?
My kid plays the flute and is good at it.
At least, that's what I heard.
A music tutor needs to be hired,
so that and the rent here...
The family needs 5,000 dollars a month...
just to do the bare minimum.
That's a reality I never wish to know.
I'm jealous of your life in some ways.
Why? Because I'm not married?
No, because you're still a wanted photographer.
I've never been one...
to be jealous of other people's talents,
but I've been working hard every second these days...
that I'm losing self-respect for myself.
What on earth happened to me?
But I find it the hardest to live intently though.
Soo Chul,
- you're cool. - Gosh.
You should get ready to look cool.
You're in a serious relationship with Ha Ri.
Be strong.
I'll have some red ginseng...
to give me extra strength.
Guys, sleep at home.
- Good night. - Go home.
Good work. Go home.
Go home.
(I Sang)
Let's go home.
You must be exhausted. Get plenty of rest.
Bye.
Sleep tight.
Wait.
Would you change a light bulb for me?
Which light bulb?
All the light bulbs in the house are so bright,
that it's blinding.
Which light bulb are you asking him to change?
I mean the one in my bedroom.
It's blinking.
I mean it.
- Let's go. I'll change it. - Freeze.
Retreat one step.
Aren't you too old even to be in the reserves?
I'm very wary of perverts...
since I was in the military police.
I'm wary of injuries since I was a medical officer.
And I'm wary of jerks who interfere with my relationships...
since I am an old maid.
Check your surroundings. Auntie is still up.
Go and tell her. She'll be delighted.
You must be tired from pulling all-nighters for two nights.
Rest up. I'll change that light bulb another time.
Get home safely.
I'll deal with you later.
Goodnight.
- Where are you going? - Let go.
- What? - I let go.
- Don't touch me. - Okay.
I'm a scary man.
Go in.
Gosh.
Hey. You'll wake the baby. Walk quietly.
Ha Ri's home.
I should bring her the stew, right?
I'll bring it to her tomorrow. Let her sleep.
She looked incredibly famished.
Really? Then I'll set a table...
That punk Jae Young.
- I'll have a nightmare about him. - Ha Ri.
Be patient.
Seriously.
Don't come here unless it's an emergency.
The rule is, I go downstairs.
The stew is so delicious, it's an emergency. Try it.
You're craving a drink, aren't you?
I quit drinking.
Like that's possible.
Do you want a drink?
Forget it. I'm exhausted.
Hey, so... Why are you so busy?
Why are you so tired?
Are you always this busy or is it this month?
We do have several specials this month, and...
it's my first month as editor-in-chief.
I'll buy you a gift to congratulate you on your promotion.
Forget it.
You're going to try to take double of what you give me.
What do you take me for?
Hey. I've quit drinking now.
I've gotten better at watching Do Ah and am good to Auntie.
I'll be good to you too, so just say the word.
What you want, what you want to do, everything.
What?
Are you sleeping?
Sleep in your room.
Left. Right. Left. Right. Slide.
1, 2, 3, 4.
Side to side.
Slide forward.
- Thank you. - You did great.
- Bye. - Bye.
- Thank you. - Bye.
We meet on the weekends too, so come if you have time.
Aerobics is the best aerobic exercise.
Is it?
I needed to start doing aerobic exercise anyway.
- How perfect. - Yes.
I started because my health was failing,
but I got healthier and it was exciting, so I got licensed.
Growing old is sad.
Being sick is the saddest.
Do you know why grandparents are so wise?
No.
Because they're "senior" citizens.
What was that? Oh my gosh. You're so funny. What was that?
Really?
I've never had anyone laugh at that before.
Why not? It's hilarious. My gosh.
I guess the two of us click.
Yes, I think you're right.
Are things going well with your girlfriend?
Yes.
I want to meet her every day.
But it's hard to do that. Other than that, it's all good.
I see. When things are going well,
it's easy to think that it's meant to be.
But after some time, I realized...
that you're not always right about fate.
What? "Fate"?
Don't get too upset if things don't work out with your girlfriend.
Who knows? You might be destined to marry my daughter.
The successor?
She'll be getting a huge building.
- I should go now. - Okay.
Go on.
Okay, bye then.
(Clinic for Pediatrics and Adolescents)
How is the old restaurant nearby? Do they sell good food?
Haven't you tried?
Someone's here for you.
I guess I came right on time.
Let's eat lunch together.
I want to stop hating you.
I'm the one at fault.
- That's why I'm clinging onto you. - No.
You still don't think you did anything wrong.
I'm also human. I feel guilty.
I know I'm not the best mom, but I'm still a mom.
Then even so, you never once came to see Do Ah.
I didn't know how to face her.
Jeong Won.
I like someone else.
You're not the type to cling onto me like this.
Just forget about me and Do Ah.
Maybe it's because I'm still in love with you.
But it feels like you're just mistaken about your feelings.
If I'm wrong, and Ha Ri also loves you back,
I'll give up on you.
My gosh, it's so hot.
My goodness, look at my face.
- Where are you going? - Gosh, you startled me.
I thought you'd be in your room for the entire four days.
The weather is nice.
I'm going to get some sunlight.
- Should I go with you? - No, I want to go alone.
Okay, I'll let you have fun on your own today.
But I want to see this guy soon.
My gosh, if you wanted to hide it, you should've told me I'm wrong.
What?
I don't trust your taste in men.
Bring him home. I need to meet him to be sure.
No.
You're just going to scare him away by talking about marriage.
Why are you so relaxed?
I can't even sleep at night because I'm so worried.
You just wait.
I know you're in a hurry, but let me date him first.
Mom, I need to meet him now.
See you.
My gosh, look at you.
Look at you all excited again.
How pretty.
I hope he's a decent guy.
Look at all these lights.
Doesn't it feel like outer space?
Would you please...
This is a nice place to take photos.
- Yes, I agree. - It's pretty.
"Cave Botanic Garden".
It's a botanic garden.
- Doesn't this look like cotton? - You're right.
- Are they real? - Yes, I think so.
This is so cool.
- How interesting. - Can you take a photo for us?
- Sure. I'll take the photo. - Okay, go ahead.
Okay. You guys should gather together.
Gather together.
1, 2, 3.
It's too dark, so come this way.
What's this?
Let me take one more. 1, 2, 3.
I Sang.
Where is she?
(Ha Ri)
My boyfriend is calling me.
- Hello? - Hey, my girlfriend.
Where are you?
Right now, I'm...
Do you think we'll be able to find each other here?
Wait. I'll find you.
Let's hang up.
(Golden Road)
There's my girlfriend!
- My gosh. - Gosh, my legs hurt.
- Let's sit down. - Why don't we sit down?
- Goodness. - My gosh.
I guess we're too used to doing things alone.
- Right? - Do you think so?
From now on, let's grow a habit...
of doing everything together.
I can't believe you found me though.
Was it too easy?
I wanted to test our fate.
It wasn't too hard.
I just followed my hunch,
and you were there.
The fact that I was able to find you so easily...
inside this huge cave...
means that we're meant to be.
To be honest, fate might not even exist.
But when you're in love,
you just want to believe that you're destined for each other.
Maybe...
people use the word "fate"...
because they don't want...
to break up with each other.
- Do you think so? - Forget it if I'm wrong.
What do you want to do now?
Do you want to eat?
What do you want to do?
I want to do what you want to do.
Don't always do everything I want.
Then you'll think it's unfair later on...
because it might feel like you're the only one sacrificing yourself.
I'm not sacrificing myself.
I just want to be more like you.
I've lived all my life doing what I want.
So now, I want to do stuff that you like to do.
That way, I'll learn more about you.
Then let's take turns doing what we want to do.
I also need to learn more about you.
But are you sure?
What if your kindness only makes me expect more from you?
Give someone an inch, and you get a ruler.
Sorry.
Gosh, your dad jokes are still so hard to get.
But I'm sure I'll find it funny one day.
Well, this is pretty much it.
No.
But it's nice that we'll slowly get used to one another.
The thing is...
It's why I've been trying to like the idea of kids.
I know where you stand on this matter,
but I...
You see,
I haven't been fond of children because...
- Get your beondegi! - It's because of beondegi.
Get your beondegi!
Anyway,
the reason I wasn't fond of children...
- Get your ice pops! - It's because of ice pops.
Get your ice pops!
So what I'm saying is that...
Yes?
It's because...
- Mister! - It's the mister...
- I want one. - Me too!
That's right. I'm a mister.
I should be called that since I'm old.
- Mister! - Over here.
Anyway,
just know that I don't hate kids.
I know, all right?
There's no need to glare at me like that.
I'm going to tell her.
It's not easy to say, you know.
She'll be shocked, right?
The truth will hurt her.
What if she thinks that I've been deceiving her?
I'm...
terrified of...
losing her.
- Is Mom asleep? - Yes.
Jae Young, Mom found out.
If she asks about I Sang, say you don't know anything...
instead of bad-mouthing him.
What is it? Is something up?
What do you think would've happened to us...
had I not married Jeong Won?
We'd be sitting here just like this. Why?
Do you regret dating and marrying her?
Yes.
I think I lost...
my real shot at life because of her.
How could you have forgotten about your undying love for each other?
It's still clear as day in my head.
I heard a lot about you...
and was wondering when he'd introduce me to you.
You're pretty.
Sorry?
You never said she was pretty.
Her? I guess she has a face...
with eyes, a nose,
and a mouth.
I wouldn't call her pretty.
Are you kidding me?
I'm sorry about that. I didn't mean much.
Why would you apologize?
If you had to apologize,
it would be for the fact that your beauty is blinding.
My gosh. You're embarrassing me in front of your friend.
Why would you be when it's the truth?
You two acted like you were the only people...
on this planet.
Jae Young.
What you lost and regret...
is a part of your life.
Even if you go back in time, you'll still choose her.
I don't need to turn back time...
since I know what I did wrong.
You should've known when you had the chance.
I loved Jeong Won to death.
If I had done better,
she wouldn't have left me.
I have thought of that over and over again.
But now,
I don't see her anymore.
I guess that's how selfish...
one's heart is.
What's going on?
Is everyone outside the office?
Yes, to search for new ideas.
Which means they're out having fun.
What did the executives say?
I was given an earful for the decrease in sales.
They want a better model on the cover too.
What about Kang Hyo Joo?
It'd be great for us, but she'd never agree to it.
The feature we did on infertility...
led to many asking about ovulation-inducing agents.
We should write a piece on it sometime.
Sounds good. Many are suffering from infertility these days.
Go ahead with it.
There are regulations when it comes to pharmaceuticals,
so get me a list before publishing anything.
Sure thing.
Then...
I'll head out in search of a new item too.
Sure, have fun.
- You too. - Hello.
Have a good day.
Yes, Eu Ddeum. Is there a meeting?
Are you free on Saturday?
Something will probably come up. Why?
Could that something be with me?
I'm afraid that seems highly unlikely.
Are you talking about that meal you offered?
Yes, you must make time for me that day.
I'll call you on Saturday.
But Eu Ddeum... No, wait.
Why on earth did he have to choose me as his mentor?
This isn't good.
Who did you have lunch with today?
Mr. Kim treated me.
He rarely buys meals, but he wanted to thank me...
for getting the autographed CD.
He owed you then.
What do your parents do?
Do you have any siblings?
Where do you live?
A small studio apartment. What's this meeting about though?
It's a socializing session.
We've been working together more often these days,
so we should know more about each other...
in order to work better as a team.
So...
Did you figure out...
the ring size?
I discreetly had it measured.
You're more meticulous that I thought.
Then when will you confess your feelings?
This Saturday.
Got it.
- Sorry? - I heard you loud and clear.
Consider this as a career-defining moment...
and make me look the loveliest as possible.
Sorry?
How I look today will be imprinted on...
a guy's memory forever.
- Welcome. - Hello.
I'm here to buy the C brand ring.
The C brand?
These are the rings you picked out.
Are these by the C brand?
That's right.
I'd like one in this size, please.
Ms. Jang, could we meet right now?
I'm at Jo Jo's Restaurant.
Really?
I'm at Jo Jo's Restaurant too.
Just a second then. I'll...
I...
You're playing a game, right?
Yes, we were arm-wrestling.
Well... We're...
dating.
- Sorry? - Well...
Please don't tell Mr. Kim.
He's a human megaphone.
Hi, Eu Ddeum.
I'll pull up a chair for you.
Thank you.
Have... Have a seat.
- Eu Ddeum? - Sit...
Eu Ddeum? Where are you going?
If Eu Ddeum asks you to meet alone, don't.
Especially if he says he'll show you his Bongsan mask dance.
Is he an advocate of the Bongsan mask dance?
I want to see it.
If you want to see it, I'll learn...
the Bongsan mask dance.
- Put that away. - Yes, ma'am.
Well...
Is it okay that Eu Ddeum finds out...
about us?
He's so kind and pure at heart. He won't tell anyone.
Don't you worry.
Everyone at the company knows except for Mr. Kim.
They do?
Of course. We're not blind.
Don't be all touchy if you want to hide it.
You should just go public.
We've worked hard trying to hide it.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Your usual, right? - Yes.
I didn't think we were that obvious.
There are many people to manage.
Manage?
Will Jae Young keep living with you?
Until he moves out voluntarily.
My mom thinks of him as her real son.
I'm sure it must bother you, but just ignore him.
He's just trying to act like my big brother.
He thinks he's a human barricade.
Don't mind him.
Okay, I won't.
So? Beer after we eat?
Sounds good.
(Dachae Ads Choi Kang Eu Ddeum)
The person you have reached...
Why isn't he picking up?
Is it good?
(Punk Jae Young)
Hey.
Hey. Where are you?
Me?
At a bar near home. Why?
Want me to bring you something?
Why would I want anything?
Hey.
What...
We said we'd have one drink, but how many is this already?
Did you taste this? Did you?
It's bland...
Ding.
Only I'm drunk.
It has been a while. Hi there.
Yes.
Should I take you home?
Do you want to come over?
No.
You were right about the light bulbs, but this is really not that.
I want to take you to my place...
right this instant.
You should...
speed on the Autobahn,
but I can't speed with you.
Autobahn?
What?
You and I are driving at different speeds.
So we'll get into an accident.
What do you mean?
Don't try to find out why. Don't.
The ramen smells good.
Want some ramen?
- Do you want? - Ramen?
Which ramen?
Spicy? Seafood? Cup noodles?
What?
A beer please.
I came out for a short walk.
You had a lot of beer.
Hey. Get home already.
Just one, please.
Hey. Ha Ri.
Do you want to have ramen at my place?
I'll go. I like ramen.
Make me black bean ramen with ribeye.
Are all three of us going? Let's go alone.
Good, right?
Why? Can't we go alone?
I want to go alone with you.
Let's finish our drinks and go.
- Do you want some too? - No.
Are you having ramen this late?
I suddenly wanted some.
You said you didn't want any.
Did you actually believe me?
Did you or did you not know that I'd ask for a bite?
One of these days, I'm going to punch you so hard.
Auntie. She was out drinking...
and was about to go to a guy's place to have ramen.
Stop it.
So?
Going to a guy's place to have ramen means...
You...
He lives alone, right?
That's why I was going to go.
I wouldn't go where three generations live together.
Listen to her. Auntie, she's out of control.
Why are you intruding on her personal life?
What?
Is he just trying to get some?
No. He's very cautious.
He won't take me to his place. He won't come into mine either.
Hey. No matter how hungry you are, there is an order to things.
Would you throw in noodles before the water boils?
Our water is already boiling at 100°C.
"100°C"? Then why hasn't he...
done anything yet?
If he's actually ready, he would've done something by now.
That's what a true man would do.
My gosh.
Do you think he feel pressured because he knows I want kids?
Auntie, what if I kept living with her?
You?
I just have to be by her side like I am now.
It's how we've always been.
You should...
speed on the Autobahn,
but I can't speed with you.
Time is ticking
Let's go home.
- Okay. - Great job, everyone.
Good work, everyone.
- See you tomorrow. - See you guys tomorrow.
- So Yoon - Yes?
Do we have any home appliances?
Something that needs to be installed.
I think we recently got some kind of a cleaner.
Let's see. Here it is.
Thanks.
"You're here."
Just a second.
Come inside.
You didn't eat, did you?
It's okay. I already ate.
- Would you like anything? - No, thank you.
Thanks.
What's the device that needs to be installed?
Oh, well...
I thought I'd give this to you...
hoping it'll remind you of me every time you use it.
It's an automatic toilet cleaning device.
- Should I help you? - No, it's okay.
This is an automatic toilet cleaning device.
It sterilizes your toilet, and you don't need to clean...
It says you don't need to clean your toilet for an entire year.
Are you going to read the whole thing?
I only read three sentences.
Well, it's hard for me...
to think of anything else at this point.
Let me tell you this just in case you feel pressured.
Nothing else is on my mind right now.
Right now,
all I care about is you.
This is an announcement from the Management Office.
Our apartment is a place where kids and teenagers...
can grow up with a sound and healthy mindset.
- Therefore, please do not smoke... - My gosh.
- or be too physical in public. - This is a first.
- I see. - Let me repeat one more time.
- Our apartment is a place... - It's just an announcement.
where kids and teenagers...
can grow up with a sound and healthy mindset.
Therefore, please do not smoke or be too physical in public.
Or be too physical... Be too physical...
Physical... Physical...
- Physical... Physical... - This is the Security Office.
- Physical... Physical... - The machine is broken.
- Physical... Physical... - It won't turn off.
- So please bear with it... - Let's do it now.
- Physical... Physical... - for just a little while.
- Physical... Physical... - Once again, I apologize.
- Seriously? Sirens? - Physical... Physical...
- I repeat once again. - I'm sorry, Ha Ri.
- Physical... Physical... - The machine is currently broken.
- And it won't turn off. - Excuse me. Sir.
- Sir. - So please bear with it...
- for just a little while. - Physical... Physical...
The security guard...
in your apartment...
explains things in detail.
Physical... Physical...
Hello? Sir?
Hey, remember that light bulb you mentioned last time?
You haven't changed it yet, have you?
No.
Then should I change it for you?
- Sure. - Let's go.
I'll see you then.
- Bye. - Goodnight.
You're unbelievable.
I seriously can't believe you.
Gosh, what was that?
The bump has gotten a bit bigger.
I guess that's why my period cramps hurt even more.
How do you bear with the pain?
We have a few months left until the follow-up.
But are you going to postpone the surgery?
Have you seen any progress with your plan?
That plan got canceled.
I have a boyfriend now.
Then I shouldn't be prescribing painkillers for you.
You're about to ovulate, so you're here just in time.
I'll prescribe an injection that will induce your ovulation,
so try your best to get pregnant on your ovulation day.
I know I'm in a rush.
But I don't know how I'm supposed to suddenly sleep with him.
(I wish that Ha Ri's wish will come true no matter what.)
(Ha Ri)
- Hello? - Have you eaten?
Yes.
When do you get off work today?
I don't think I'll need to stick around.
It's just that I have something to say.
Then I'll wait for you outside your office.
Sure.
Here. It's the list of ovulation-inducing agents.
I see.
The General Affairs Department...
is asking for the contract with Jambi Studio.
- I think I left it there. - I see.
(List of ovulation-inducing agents)
Auntie, have you seen Do Ah's stroller?
She wants to take a nap.
It's at the entrance.
- What? - Right over there.
- What... - Did you miss this?
Why on earth did I miss this?
Where has your head been lately?
Jae Young,
do you have feelings for Ha Ri?
Yes.
I like her,
but I don't know what to do about it.
Auntie, what should I do?
- So Yoon, could you strike a pose? - Like this?
Yes, we're good. Thanks.
We're doing a piece on signals that lead to a successful time in bed...
versus a bad one between married couples.
The shoot requires a shadow of a couple behind the screen.
Who are you talking to? Me?
Why would you tell me that?
Because Mr. Nam has to be behind the camera.
We're the only man and woman left...
who can go behind the screen.
Actually, there's me.
This is looking good, but could you step closer to her, I Sang?
- Sure. - Good.
And stop! Right.
Just hold it there.
I have something to ask you.
What is it?
I'm not trying to be pushy or anything.
You're trying to like kids...
because of me, right?
We're not married...
and we haven't even discussed it,
so I know it's weird to bring this up.
But having a kid is easier for me than marriage.
My kid would instantly join my family...
and I will love it the moment I give birth to it.
But marriage should be with someone whom I'm certain of loving...
until the day I die.
And getting married because of a pregnancy is even worse.
I understand.
But...
I'm already behind,
so waiting any longer...
will prevent me from having kids all together.
Ms. Jang, could you take a step forward?
I Sang, you too.
Stop.
I had no idea I'd feel this way,
but I want the father of my child...
to be someone I love.
I...
want nothing more...
than to love you.
But...
it's difficult for me to have a child.
(List of ovulation-inducing agents)
(Oh My Baby)
What do I do?
Just like me, he suffers from infertility too.
Was that it? You piece of scum.
If that was the case,
you shouldn't have started a relationship with her.
If you didn't want to hurt me,
you should've told me sooner.
Let him go. Staying with him will only cause you more pain.
I'll try everything I can,
so let's look for a way together.
What if there's no miracle?
I just don't think I can do this.